MiniUPnP download zone 

Find on this page the source of miniupnp and some related files. You 
will also find precompiled binaries of the UPnP client sample program 
for windows compiled using MinGW. 

If you just need one of the software installed on your machine, you 
probably don't need to download and compile the source files. It is very 
likely that a package/port already exists for your system/distribution. 
Refer to your system documentation to find how to search and install a 
package/port. Mac OS X does have port systems too : see MacPorts or 
Homebrew or Fink. 

The miniupnpc (client) sources have been successfully compiled under 
Windows XP/vista/etc. (using MinGW or Cygwin), Linux, OpenBSD, FreeBSD, 
NetBSD, DragonFlyBSD, Solaris, MacOS X and AmigaOS. The Makefile of the 
client is made for GNU make : check which version your system have with 
the command "make --version". On some systems, such as OpenBSD, you have 
to use "gmake". Under Windows with MinGW, GNU make is called 
"mingw32-make" and a sligthly modified version of the Makefile should be 
used : Makefile.mingw. Run "mingw32make.bat" to compile. If you have any 
compatibility problem, please post on the forum or contact me by email. 

See OS4Depot for miniupnpc under AmigaOS 4 : 
http://os4depot.net/index.php?function=showfile&file=network/misc/miniup 
npc.lha. 

Dario Meloni has made a Ruby Gem embedding miniupnpc : 
https://rubyforge.org/projects/mupnp. 

The daemon (starting in November 2006) compiles with BSD make under BSD 
and Solaris. To compile the daemon under linux, use "make -f 
Makefile.linux" To compile for OpenWRT please read the README.openwrt 
file. The X-Wrt project is providing precompiled ipkg packages for 
OpenWrt for both OpenWrt White Russian and OpenWrt kamikaze. Check 
ftp://ftp.berlios.de/pub/xwrt/. For White Russian, take a look at this. 
pfSense users are advised to use the miniupnpd port available for their 
system. Recent versions of pfSense include MiniUPnPd in the base system. 
For Linksys WRT54G and WRT54GL owners, Tarifa firmware is another 
alternative to get miniUPnPd running on the router. 

Please read README and LICENCE files included with the distribution for 
further informations. 

The MiniUPnP daemon (miniupnpd) is working under OpenBSD, NetBSD, 
FreeBSD, DragonFlyBSD, Mac OS X and (Open)Solaris with pf, with IP 
Filter or with ipfw. The linux version uses libiptc which permits to 
access netfilter rules inside the kernel the same way as iptables. 

Homepage: http://miniupnp.tuxfamily.org/

