 Links is a graphics and text mode web browser, released under GPL. 
Links is a free software. 

Links runs on Linux, BSD, UNIX in general, OS/2, Cygwin under Windows, 
AtheOS, BeOS, FreeMint. Links runs in graphics mode (mouse required) on 
X Window System (UN*X, Cygwin), SVGAlib, Linux Framebuffer, OS/2 
PMShell, AtheOS GUI Links runs in text mode (mouse optional) on UN*X 
console, ssh/telnet virtual terminal, vt100 terminal, xterm, and 
virtually any other text terminal. Mouse is supported for GPM, xterm, 
and OS/2. Links supports colors on terminal. Easy and quick user control 
via pull-down menu in both text and graphics mode, in 25 languages. 
HTML 4.0 support (without CSS) HTTP 1.1 support Tables, frames in both 
graphics and text mode, builtin image display in graphics mode Builtin 
image display for GIF, JPEG, PNG, XBM, TIFF in graphics mode 
Anti-advertisement animation filter in animated GIFs Bookmarks 
Background file downloads Automatic reconnection in case of TCP 
connection breakdown Keepalive connections Background (asynchronous) DNS 
lookup Possibility to hook up external programs for all MIME types, 
possibility to choose one of more programs at every opening. 48-bit 
high-quality image gamma correction, resampling and Floyd-Steinberg 
dithering in all color depths. Font resampling (antialiasing) for 
virtually unlimited pitch range, LCD optimization of fonts and images. 
Builtin fonts in the executable without reliance on any fonts installed 
in the system User-adjustable menu, HTML font size and image zoom 
factor. User-adjustable display gammas (red, green, blue), 
viewing-condition correction gamma and precise calibration of both 
monitor and Links on a calibration pattern Automatic aspect ratio 
correction for modes like 640x200, 640x400, 320x200 with user-adjustable 
manual aspect ratio correction. Support for one-wheel mice (vertical 
scroll), two-wheel mice (vertical and horizontal scroll) and smooth 
scrolling by grabbing the plane with a mouse (no wheel needed). Easy 
installation, the browser is just one executable and no more files. 

Homepage: http://links.twibright.com/

