OpenSSH is a FREE version of the SSH connectivity tools that technical users 
of the Internet rely on. Users of telnet, rlogin, and ftp may not realize 
that their password is transmitted across the Internet unencrypted, but it is. 
OpenSSH encrypts all traffic (including passwords) to effectively eliminate 
eavesdropping, connection hijacking, and other attacks. 
Additionally, OpenSSH provides secure tunneling capabilities and several 
authentication methods, and supports all SSH protocol versions.

The OpenSSH suite replaces rlogin and telnet with the ssh program, 
rcp with scp, and ftp with sftp. Also included is sshd (the server side of 
the package), and the other utilities like ssh-add, ssh-agent, ssh-keysign, 
ssh-keyscan, ssh-keygen and sftp-server.

OpenSSH is developed by the OpenBSD Project. 
The software is developed in countries that permit cryptography export and 
is freely useable and re-useable by everyone under a BSD license. 
However, development has costs, so if you find OpenSSH useful (particularly 
if you use it in a commercial system that is distributed) please consider 
donating to help fund the project.

OpenSSH is developed by two teams. 
One team does strictly OpenBSD-based development, aiming to produce code
 that is as clean, simple, and secure as possible. 
We believe that simplicity without the portability "goop" allows for better 
code quality control and easier review. 
The other team then takes the clean version and makes it portable (adding 
the "goop") to make it run on many operating systems -- the so-called -p 
releases, ie "OpenSSH 4.0p1".

We sell OpenSSH T-shirts and posters. Sales of these items also help to 
fund development. 
Donations and other contributions have come entirely from end-users.

Please take note of our Who uses it page, which list just some of the vendors 
who incorporate OpenSSH into their own products -- as a critically important 
security / access feature -- instead of writing their own SSH implementation or
purchasing one from another vendor. 
This list specifically includes companies like Cisco, Juniper, Apple, Red Hat, 
and Novell; but probably includes almost all router, switch or unix-like 
operating system vendors. 
In the 10 years since the inception of the OpenSSH project, 
these companies have contributed not even a dime of thanks in support of the 
OpenSSH project (despite numerous requests). 

Homepage: http://www.openssh.com/

